Here comes the end. Your death is certain.
Quan Fang is about to be saved. I don't understand well.
Let me do it myself. I'll show you if you can't arrange it.
The whole country once killed a cow.
Great Transformation Dragon City is invincible. You,
That's all today. lob,
I said you had no chance. but,
But what knife is not still the whole country.
On this day of laziness and evil, the party of gods will kill the gods,
The Polish Party kills people alive. So crazy.
I haven't had the money to say that to me all over the country.
I advise you to hurry up and be obedient before outputting.
I wish you the best!
So, so many things
祟煥祥祥祥祥祥祥祥祥祥祥祥祥祥祥祥祥祟